
package main

import "fmt"

func main() {
    cnp := make(chan func(), 10)
    for i := 0; i < 4; i++ {
        go func() {
            for f := range cnp {
                f()
            }
        }()
    }
    cnp <- func() {
        fmt.Println("HERE1")
    }
    fmt.Println("Hello")
}

Explaination for above code

Channel Creation and Goroutines:
The code begins by creating a buffered channel named cnp of type chan func(). The buffer size is set to 10.
The purpose of this channel is to hold functions (of type func()) that can be executed concurrently by goroutines.
The make(chan func(), 10) line initializes the channel with a capacity of 10, allowing it to store up to 10 function values.


Goroutine Creation:
Next, a for loop is used to create four goroutines (concurrent execution units) that will process functions from the cnp channel.
Each goroutine runs an anonymous function (a closure) that listens for functions from the channel using a range loop.
When a function is available in the channel, the goroutine executes it.


Function Sent to Channel:
After creating the goroutines, the main function sends a function to the cnp channel using cnp <- func() { fmt.Println("HERE1") }.
This function simply prints “HERE1” when executed.


Print Statement:
Finally, the main function prints “Hello” to the standard output.
Now let’s address the specific questions:

How the Highlighted Constructs Work:
The highlighted constructs include:
make(chan func(), 10): Creates a buffered channel capable of holding up to 10 function values.
go func() { ... }(): Launches a goroutine that listens for functions from the channel and executes them.
cnp <- func() { fmt.Println("HERE1") }: Sends a function (the one that prints “HERE1”) to the channel.
These constructs work together to demonstrate concurrent execution using goroutines and channels.


Use Cases:
Goroutines and channels are fundamental to concurrent programming in Go.


Use cases include:
Parallelizing tasks (e.g., handling multiple requests concurrently).
Implementing worker pools.
Coordinating communication between different parts of a program.


Significance of the For Loop with 4 Iterations:
The for i := 0; i < 4; i++ loop creates four goroutines.
Each goroutine will independently process functions from the channel.
The loop ensures that there are enough goroutines to handle incoming functions concurrently.


Significance of make(chan func(), 10):
The make(chan func(), 10) line creates a buffered channel (cnp) capable of holding 10 function values.
The buffer allows functions to be sent to the channel even if there are no active receivers (goroutines) at the moment.
It helps prevent blocking when sending functions to the channel.


Why “HERE1” Is Not Getting Printed:
The goroutines are already running when the main function sends the function to the channel.
Since the channel is unbuffered, the goroutines must be ready to receive before the send operation.
In this case, the goroutines are not yet listening for functions from the channel, so the function is not executed immediately.
As a result, “HERE1” is not printed before the program exits.